 
 # Question and answers

 # Q1 What is `NPM`?
A) NPM does'nt stand for node package manager . it is a tool used for package management and the default package managements in node pojects. It comes with a command-line interface (CLI) used to interact with the online database of NPM. This database is called the NPM Registry, and it hosts public and private 'packages.' To add or update packages, we use the NPM CLI to interact with this database.


# Q2  What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
A) Parcel is similar to webpack which was used in create react app 
parcel and webpack job is a bundled the code together.With parcel with its different funtionalities and features it power up our applications , it makes our appllication fast with its multicore processing

# Q3 What is `.parcel-cache` ?
A) .parcel-cache is used by parcel to  reduce the building time. it stores information about your project when parcel build it. so that we whereever it rebuilds .it does'nt have to re-parese and re-analse everything from strach 

# Q4 What is `npx` ?
A) npx is a tool that is used to execute the packages it is a simple npm package runner it allows us to execute any js packages avaiable in npm

# Q5 What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies` ?
A) Dependencies should contain librabry and framework  in which your app is built on, needs funtion effectively , such as vue ,React,Angular 
DevDependecies should contain modules/packages a developer needs during development .such as parcel,webpack,vite.these packages are necessary only while developing the project ,not neccessary on production

# Q6 What is Tree Shaking?
A) Tree Shaking is process of  removinng the unwanted code that we do not use while developing application. in computing , tree shaking is a dead code elimination technique that is applied when optimizing code.

# Q7 What is Hot Module Replacement?
A) Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload. This can significantly speed up development in a few ways: Retain application state which is lost during a full reload.

# Q8 List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words ?
A) HMR (Hot Modle Replacement)-adds or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload

File watcher algorithum -File Wacthers monitor directories on the file system and perform specific actions when desired files appear

Minification -Minification is the process o minimizing code and markup in your web pagws and script files

Image Optimization
Catching while development

# Q9  What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
The .gitignore file is text file that tells Git which files or folder to ignore in a project during commit to the repository.any files or folders which we can replace anytime by installing we can ifnore that files


# Q10 What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json` ?
A) package.json:
    The File is mandatory in every project 
    it contains basic information about the project
    application name /versions/scripts

  package-lock.json:
    This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies edither the node_modules tree or package-json
    
    it is generated affter npm install

    it allows to go back to the past versions of the dependencies without acutal "commiting the node_modules folder".

    it trcords the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them.Future installs will be capable of building identical description tree

# Q11 Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
A)package-lock.json file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions used in the project. Deleting it would cause dependencies issues in the

# Q12 What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
A)node_modules folder like a cache for the external modules that your project depends upon. When you npm install them, they are downloaded from the web and copied into the node_modules folder and Nodejs is trained to look for them there when you import them (without a specific path). Don't push node_modulesin github because it contains lots of files(more than 100 MB), it will cost you memory space.

# Q13 What is the `dist` folder?

A) The /dist folder contains the minimized version of the source code. The code present in the /dist folder is actually the code which is used on production web applications. Along with the minified code, the /dist folder also comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other systems.

# Q14 What is `browserlists` ?
A)Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.